What secret?
It's hers.
The Secret of Living
A few days ago I told you.
You wear the form favored by the emperor.
But the other lady died because of you.
You don't know anything.
The other lady is the mother of Miao Tu Hy.
I love this secret.
Now the two of you share the Changchun Palace.
Then it is better for you to replace the old one.
Watch this bitch's every move.
Yes.
The servant of the sword Dieu fei nường hóa lady
That seedling four hi
Any movement now?
Back to the princess who is in Lac Di Vien.
Mom, today is the day of your death.
My daughter misses you.
You know what?
Yang Lihua has entered the palace to serve.
Master, let's go back quickly.
If the emperor finds out, we will burn the paper.
Don't worry, I'm almost done.
Your Majesty.
Look, there's a light.